androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/gox/xuberservice/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.DataBindingTriggerClass
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/gox/xuberservice/BR.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.BR
com/gox/base/BR.java
 com.gox.base.BR
com/gox/xuberservice/BuildConfig.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.BuildConfig
com/gox/xuberservice/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.gox.xuberservice.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
com/gox/xuberservice/databinding/DialogInvoiceBindingImpl.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.DialogInvoiceBindingImpl
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.DialogInvoiceBindingImpl$1
com/gox/xuberservice/databinding/DialogXuperExtraChargeBindingImpl.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.DialogXuperExtraChargeBindingImpl
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.DialogXuperExtraChargeBindingImpl$1
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.DialogXuperExtraChargeBindingImpl$2
com/gox/xuberservice/databinding/DialogInvoiceBinding.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.DialogInvoiceBinding
com/gox/xuberservice/databinding/ItemXuberReasonBinding.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.ItemXuberReasonBinding
com/gox/xuberservice/databinding/DialogXuperRatingBinding.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.DialogXuperRatingBinding
com/gox/xuberservice/databinding/DialogReasonBindingImpl.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.DialogReasonBindingImpl
com/gox/xuberservice/databinding/DialogXuperRatingBindingImpl.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.DialogXuperRatingBindingImpl
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.DialogXuperRatingBindingImpl$1
com/gox/xuberservice/databinding/DialogXuperExtraChargeBinding.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.DialogXuperExtraChargeBinding
com/gox/xuberservice/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.gox.xuberservice.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.gox.xuberservice.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/gox/xuberservice/databinding/ItemXuberReasonBindingImpl.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.ItemXuberReasonBindingImpl
com/gox/xuberservice/databinding/DialogUploadImageBinding.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.DialogUploadImageBinding
com/gox/xuberservice/databinding/BottomServiceStatusSheetBinding.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.BottomServiceStatusSheetBinding
com/gox/xuberservice/databinding/DialogReasonBinding.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.DialogReasonBinding
com/gox/xuberservice/databinding/BottomServiceStatusSheetBindingImpl.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.BottomServiceStatusSheetBindingImpl
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.BottomServiceStatusSheetBindingImpl$1
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.BottomServiceStatusSheetBindingImpl$2
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.BottomServiceStatusSheetBindingImpl$3
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.BottomServiceStatusSheetBindingImpl$4
com/gox/xuberservice/databinding/ActivityXuberMainBinding.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.ActivityXuberMainBinding
com/gox/xuberservice/databinding/ActivityXuberMainBindingImpl.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.ActivityXuberMainBindingImpl
com/gox/xuberservice/databinding/DialogUploadImageBindingImpl.java
 com.gox.xuberservice.databinding.DialogUploadImageBindingImpl
